AON UI just changed how AI agents work
on your computer. This is a free app
that lets you run multiple AI agents at
the same time. We're talking open claw
in one window doing your research,
clawed code in another window, writing
your content, both running
simultaneously, both working on your
business right now. Now, most people are
still using one AI tool at a time, copy,
paste, wait, repeat, etc. But now, you
can actually combine them all in one
interface using AON. And this is a free
open-source project. So today I'm going
to show you how to set up AON UI with
OpenClaw and claw code together step by
step so you can run your own multi- aent
setup completely for free. Um and by the
end of this video you'll have multiple
AI agents working parallel on your
computer and you'll never go back to the
one at a time approach again. Let's get
straight into it. So you can see the AON
UI is available for free. It is a local
open-source 24/7 co-work app with um
open claw as well. you can combine it
with claw code and everything else
inside one UI and it's pretty simple and
easy to to to set up and get installed.
So you see an example of how it works as
a UI right here. Um and let me show you
exactly how it works step by step. All
right so the way that I set it up let me
talk you through this first of all is I
literally just went straight to claw
code like you can see here and I said
can you help me run claw code and open
claw with this pasted in the details of
the repository and everything else and
then literally in a few clicks claw code
had it set up and ready to go. So that's
how you can get it installed. You can
run it manually inside terminal as well,
but I just tend to find like that tends
to break more and it's a lot more work.
You see here now we've got claw code,
openclaw and aon UI ready to go and all
working together, right? And agents are
actually auto detected as well, which is
pretty cool. Once you've done that, you
can go to Aon UI. It looks like
something like this. So you've got open
claw in one window. You've got another
uh version of claw code in another one,
right? And so you can have multiple
different sections kind of like using it
kind of looks like chat GBT except the
difference here is like you've got your
open claw and your claw code connected
and you can use the power of both of
them whilst you're doing multiple things
right you can also select models in the
top left here and if we go to our
settings inside this section you can
actually add like for example different
models so you can add um all these
different AIs that you want to use and
the way that you can run this locally
is you can actually attach for example,
something like O Lama inside the AIS on
this drop down here to switch between
models. You see, it basically allows you
to add multiple different AIs as well
inside here. So, you could have like
chat GPT, Kimmy, etc. All that sort of
thing. Now, inside the assistant section
here, you can see that we've got a ton
of different skills and available
assistants, right? So, we've got, for
example, openclaw connected, which uses
my openclaw I've already set up. We can
add custom skills inside here. And then
we also have co-work as well. So Claude
co-work as an assistant. And then you
can see you can actually turn on and
switch on other stuff. So you can add
like for example PowerPoint generator,
PDF to PowerPoint, 3D game development,
uh UI intelligence as well. So you can
switch that on to and then you just
change the settings as you can see over
here on the right hand side. So there's
all these different things you can add
onto it as well, including for example
like stories and that sort of thing. And
then inside the tools here, you can
actually add models for image
generation. You can change the display
and the theme. So you can actually like
just
you can switch the theme to like kind of
a Windows style. I'm just going to go
with the default, but I do prefer dark
mode. So that's what I've just changed
right now. You can allow web UI and
remote access. So what that means
essentially is like you could access
your claw code and your open claw
remotely using the remote section here.
Now what does that mean? Well,
essentially you could just open up web
UI on your phone using Aon UI. You have
a a login detail here and then you could
operate web UI with open claw claw code
and whatever else you've set up inside
the inside your phone, right?
Essentially, so you can operate both
from your phone inside the same UI which
is pretty cool as well. And then over
here as well, if you start a new chat,
you can see you can switch between
Gemini CLI, claw code, quen code, open
claw and nanobot, right? So you can add
all these different AI agents inside the
chat here. You can switch between
models. You can change the permissions.
So with the permissions here, you've got
default and then you've got YOLO mode as
well. So you can switch between these
and then it's got a few example prompts
as you can see over here. So you could
go on the open claw setup expert if you
wanted to um use the expert for setting
up open claw directly. And that's
basically how it goes, right? And it's
it's free. It's open source, easy to set
up. I could use openclaw and claw code
inside the chat right here. And it's a
super powerful setup. So that's how to
set it up. You can set it up with claw
code. It's free. It's running locally.
You can add different models. You can
add different assistants all inside chat
and you can operate that from your
right. So what is AI UI? Well, it's a
free app you can download on your
computer. It looks like a clean modern
chat app, but it's much more powerful
because instead of chatting to one AI
like chat, you're chatting to multiple
AI agents at the same time, right? It's
kind of like a mission control room
where you sit in the middle and your AI
agents work around you. Now, it works on
Mac, Windows, and Linux. It is free and
open source and
you can combine it with openclaw. You
can combine it with claw code as well.
Right? So aonui is a control room. Open
claw is one agent you can add. Core code
is another agent you can add and you can
run them both at the same time in
separate windows each doing different
tasks in parallel. Now also what you can
do is you can run this with local files
as well. And you can set up schedule
tasks. So, if we go inside here and we
say, "Right, okay. Every weekday at 8
a.m., research the top three AI news
stories of the morning and save them as
a bullet point summary." Right? So,
we'll copy that like so. We'll go back
to Aon UI which we've got running here.
So, let me show you how this works in
practice. So, for example, here you can
see that we've scheduled tasks using
clawed code and also with open claw,
right? And literally all we said was
like working question mark and then I've
said every weekday at 8 a.m. go off and
do this and then it's created a schedule
task as you can see over here. The same
with for example this. Now the UI just
looks nicer. It's easier to organize.
Kind of feels like chat GPT but for AI
agents you can have multiple different
AI agents right here. So you can add
multiple ones like so. So you could add
for example OpenClaw Nanobot uh Quen
code and Gemini. And then also when
you're doing this you can add uh remote
setup here. So if you enable web UI,
this will give you a QR code that you
can scan on your phone and then you can
access all your agents from your phone
as well. Now also what you get here is a
preview panel. So if you set stuff up
like for example with this SEO
calculator prompt that we did. So we
said create a nice SEO calculator. It
deploys it and it creates it but also
you get the files here that you can
reference, right? So you can switch
between these. You can search through
files kind of feels like an ID. You can
refresh it and you can also change the
workspace and the folder that this is
stored in as well. Right? And then we
can actually see the SEO calculator that
we've deployed right here that was
automatically deployed to a subdomain
using my skill bar skill uh that I
actually installed recently. So that's
basically it. That's how it works. The
key thing to remember is AON UIC app
open claw and claw coder agents run
inside it. The whole setup can be used
for free with local oama models. is
multi- aent mode mean which means like
two or more agents can work on different
tasks simultaneously. You can schedule
tasks with it. The preview panel lets
you see your files your agents create
without switching apps. And you've got a
web UI that lets you access your agents
from your phone and that sort of thing.
So really powerful. You can see we've
got a 30-day road map on how to use it
with step-by-step prompts if you really
want to master this. This is inside the
video notes from today inside the AI
profit boardroom. And you know some
people say well I need to be technical
to use AI agents. But when we set up Aon
UI, right, it's literally you just use
claw code and you're good to go on that.
Bear in mind like the UI inside claw
code is nowhere near as nice as the UI
inside Aon UI, right? So that's another
big benefit there too. Also, some people
say, well, you know, free tools aren't
good enough to do real work. But as
you've seen today, we already scheduled
tasks I would actually use dayto-day.
And then also, for example, creating
stuff like a website or a landing page.
Really powerful and you can do it for
free with this free tool. Right? So
that's basically it. Thanks for
watching. We've also got 100 copy and
paste prompts. You can see we've got um
prompts for setting up the agents,
content creation prompts, research and
lead generation prompts, and these are
all inside the video notes from today.
But that is it for Aon UI. Super
powerful tool, very underrated. I like
the fact that they're adding multiple AI
agents now. So when I tested it a month
ago, I could just use like claw code
with it. Now it seems a lot easier to
set up and also it worked really well
with open claw which is great. So if you
want all the video notes from today, you
can get that inside the AI profit
boardroom link in the comments
description or go to the AI
profitboarding.com. This is my AI
automation community where you can ask
questions, get help, get support
whenever you need to. You can post
inside our daily accountability group so
that you stay laser focused on your
goals. You can see our weekly updates on
how to um you know what's important and
what's not this week so that you can
focus on the most useful stuff. And I do
that every week to just filter out the
noise and stop you feeling overwhelmed.
On top of that, we have weekly video
coaching calls. These basically allow
you to jump on live Zoom meetings so you
can ask questions, get help and support
in real time. You can meet people in
your local area by just checking out the
map. And then also inside the classroom
here, we have all of my best trainings.
Now, at this point, you might be asking,
okay, you know, what are people's review
uh ratings and uh experiences with the
AI profit boardroom? You can actually
see we have over 137 pages of
testimonials and wins from people inside
our school trainings, right? So, there's
lots of cool wins here, lots of people
getting results, etc. And that's what we
like to see, right? A lot of people have
gone from like not knowing AI at all to
becoming experts in it and building
their own automations. Now, if you go
inside the classroom, you can learn how
to go from complete beginner to expert
in just 5 weeks with AI automation and
learn how to build your first AI agent
in under 5 minutes. Additionally, you'll
get all of my best playbooks for my
business. So, how I automate videos,
screen shares, AI avatar videos, uh
Instagram shorts, newsletters, Twitter,
etc. And then if you want daily new
updates, we have a very active um
section here where we basically look at
everything that just recently came out
and we filter down, okay, what's the
most useful stuff, and then we create a
full step-by-step guide and video
tutorials on it. So you can see, for
example, um yesterday we added new
information on like Hunter and Heila
Alpha, how to use that with the new open
claw update, and also how to use Neatron
3 super with Lama, so you can get like
free local AIs. and we're just always
adding new guides and stuff like that in
case you do want to stay updated daily
with the new stuff. Top of that, you can
learn how to get more clients with the
agency course. You can watch about the
coaching calls over here. You can check
out the full YouTube AI road map that
shows you how to grow a YouTube channel
based on what's working for me. And you
can also learn how to rank number one
with AI SEO. So that's all inside the AI
profit boardroom link in the comments
description or just go to the
aiprofitboard.com.